1640 simplify log download (#1688)
guardicore/monkey: docs/content/FAQ/_index.md

## Logging and how to find logs

### Downloading logs

> Logs can be found in the Map page. Click on the machine you want to download logs from
> and press "Download log" button on the side panel.
> 
> Island server logs are downloadable from island machine.
> 
> Agent logs are downloadable from any exploited machine (where agents ran).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both Monkey Agent and Monkey Island logs can be found in the Map page. Click on the machine you want to download logs from and press the "Download log" button on the side panel. Note that you can only download the Monkey Island log by clicking on the Monkey Island machine in the infection map.
```

![How to download logs](/images/faq/log_download.jpg "How to download logs")

### Log locations

> If logs can't be downloaded through the UI,
> you can extract log files directly from the machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the logs can't be downloaded through the UI for any reason,
you can collect the log files directly from the machine where and Agent or Monkey Island ran.
```

#### Monkey Island server log

> Island's log file is located in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Monkey Island's log file is located in the
```
